Welcome back.
Now that the currency exchange service is ready let's shift our focus to the currency conversion service.
We will go to the spring initializr start spring dot io and start creating a new micro service for so com in
28 minutes micro services the package artifact ID is currency conversion service.
And I would choose the see dependencies as we chose when we created the currency exchange service
web.
DEV tools actuator and config client.
So the only thing which we are changing right now with respect to the currency exchange service is
the artifact ID we are calling this currency conversion.
service other then that everything else remains exactly the same.
You can go ahead and click the generate project unzip the zip to a specific folder and we can import it into
eclipse.
Let's import the project search file import existing maven projects and I have copied it into a folder called currency conversion service.
You can also use the browse if you would want.
And now I can import this project in.
Click Finish.
This should be a very quick thing because we have already created a very similar application earlier currency exchange
service so they should get ready very soon and I would go into the application dot properties and start
with configuring the application dot name so spring dot application dot name is equal to currency conversion service
So the name for this application we are giving it is current conversion service and also the port
we want to configure server dot port.
What port do we want to use to run this application.
We already talked about this currency conversion service.
We want to use 8100 and so on.
So what we'll do is we'll configure 8100 as the default is equal to eight thousand one hundred.
If you start the application up you would see that server would start up on a thousand one hundred
and everything should start up fine in the next step.
We will write a simple service to talk to the currency exchange service.
Until then Bye bye.